chore: backend test updates for 2025 (#8)
firefliesai/fireflies-backend-test: README.md

npm start
```

> Create a new public repo on your GitHub, push your changes there and send us the link.

Reviewer: I'd suggest making their repo private and inviting us, other interviewees can search for similar repositories across Github and take some advantage of someone's code🤔

```suggestion
Create a private repo on your GitHub, push your changes there, and send us an invite to @firefliesai/X.
```

Author: So this is the actual problem we're trying to solve, especially after a candidate copied a lot from [your project](https://github.com/matheus1lva/backend-example/blob/main/src/modules/ai/ai.service.ts#L54)

But ideally we wouldn't want to have it limited to one reviewer.

### Project Setup:

- Organize the project structure to improve maintainability (if you think it's necessary).
- Add basic error handling and input validation to all endpoints.
- It seems there is a very critical bug here. Can you spot it?

> - Also, it doesn't look very performant as the meeting count increases. Would it scale?

Reviewer: Should we limit the overengineering for this `scale`? I can imagine some interviewees spending more time implementing architectural caching solutions like Redis instead of creating the other endpoints

Author: It's an intentional open definition. It can assess how one prioritize completeness over performance, for example. 
There's no right or wrong, just different ways of thinking.
PS: the candidates that did implement Redis, did that after the endpoints were completed.

Author: > it doesn't look very performant as the meeting count increases. Would it scale?

the #1 implied suggestion here is to add pagination and indexes

- (Bonus) Implement basic unit tests for at least one endpoint.

### API

By the end of the project, we should have the following endpoints implemented:

- `GET /api/meetings` - Retrieves all the meetings.

- `POST /api/meetings` - Create a new meeting with title, date, and participants.

> - `GET /api/meetings/:id` - Retrieve a specific meeting by ID. Include it's tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GET /api/meetings/:id` - Retrieve a specific meeting by ID. Include its tasks.
```
